Document compatible release requirements (#9783)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/dependency-specification.md

| ^0.0        | >=0.0.0 <0.1.0   |
| ^0          | >=0.0.0 <1.0.0   |

### Compatible release requirements

**Compatible release requirements** specify a minimal version with the ability to update to later versions of the same level.
For example, if you specify a major, minor, and patch version, only patch-level changes are allowed.
If you only specify a major, and minor version, then minor- and patch-level changes are allowed.

> `~=1.2.3` is an example of a tilde requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`~=1.2.3` is an example of a compatible release requirement.
```

| ^0.0        | >=0.0.0 <0.1.0   |
| ^0          | >=0.0.0 <1.0.0   |

### Compatible release requirements

**Compatible release requirements** specify a minimal version with the ability to update to later versions of the same level.
For example, if you specify a major, minor, and patch version, only patch-level changes are allowed.
If you only specify a major, and minor version, then minor- and patch-level changes are allowed.

`~=1.2.3` is an example of a tilde requirement.

| Requirement | Versions allowed |
| ----------- | ---------------- |
| ~=1.2.3     | >=1.2.3 <1.3.0   |
| ~=1.2       | >=1.2.0 <2.0.0   |

> | ~=1         | >=1.0.0          |

Reviewer: That is neither what the standard says nor what we do:

> This operator MUST NOT be used with a single segment version number such as ~=1.

```
$ from poetry.core.constraints.version import parse_constraint
$ str(parse_constraint("~=1"))
'>=1,<1.1'
```

I think we should drop this example and fix our parser.

Author: Could catch, I missed that.
